finished codepen url: https://codepen.io/21patel-raj/pen/mdWpNbp?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
it's html that gives meaning to our markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It's used to structure a web page and it's information.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attribute provides additional information about elements and are always put in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A <h1> tag is used the most important heading and is only used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    the anchor tag and the image tag require an attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The title of the page.
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is an attribute used to style a stylesheet.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    to an element that is specific and can only be used once.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a another type of attribute that can be used to make stylesheet 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    to different class with common elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    many times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by adding a target attribute to the links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    it is used to add text description to the image on the web page
    15. How do I reference an id?
    with a # followed by the id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is context that is inside and grouped as a div has nothing to convey 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    it is used to style stylesheets
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by typing in the id name needed.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is used only to identify a single element while a class is used more than one time. example is a id can have one specific type and a class with many.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by putting a dot and then the id type.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    when the second child meets the first type and so it is useful when they match up.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    this is when they select a specific type of element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    css 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? it is used in css styling.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    #mydiv{ border: dotted 1px black};
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    by using the tag select
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so that other people can see and edit 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
create your own version of work by fork
make sure your name is the one showing for the file
open terminal 
use ls to check the documents 
cd desktop to go to desktop
cd the file name and then git clone the link by coping the url 
git checkout -b firstname-lastname
to change the branch name
use code .
create a txt file by using touch and the file name with .txt
then use git add . to add everything together
git commit -m "comment the things changed" and then on visual studio check if it works.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 